Composer is the tool to manage your project dependencies.
For example, the Laravel framework is the dependency of your project.
But Laravel also depends on some other third party libraries.
And to install them, it uses composer.
You would like to install composer globally.
Not only you would be able to manage a specific project dependencies.
Additionally, you will also be able to create new projects using it.
The installation process on Mako's and other Unix systems is very easy.
Visit this link and copy the code fragment from there.
Now open the terminal and paste the command and he Dentzer to run it, it will download the composer
executable.
Then type this command V composer FA.
User, local, been composer to make composer global, it would move the file you've just downloaded
into a directory with binaries.
Finally, make sure you restart the terminal and then inside the terminal type composer Dash V, make
it uppercase and you should see the composer version, which also proves it's installed correctly and
works globally.